[KZL-741] Add Server controller (#106)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/cpp/1/server/get-stats/index.md

These statistics include:

* the number of connected users per protocol (not available for all protocols)
* the number of ongoing requests
* the number of completed requests since the last frame
* the number of failed requests since the last frame

## Signature

```cpp
std::string getStats(time_t start, time_t end, query_options* options=nullptr)
```

## Arguments

| Arguments | Type          | Description                                             | Required |
| --------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| `startTime` | time_t                   | begining of statistics frame set (timestamp or datetime format) | yes       |
| `stopTime`  | time_t                   | end of statistics frame set (timestamp or datetime format)      | yes       |
| `options`   | kuzzleio::query_options* | A pointer to a `query_options` containing query options           |  no       |

### **Options**

Additional query options

| Option     | Type    | Description                       | Default |
| ---------- | ------- | --------------------------------- | ------- |
| `queuable` | boolean | Make this request queuable or not | `true`  |

## Return

> Returns statistics snapshots within a provided timestamp range as `std::string`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a JSON string representing the statistics for the given period of time.
```
